h2. Available Routes

|_.Name|_.Method|_.Url|_.Purpose|
|"Create":#create|_POST_|https://api.userclues.com/report/queries/|Create a flexible query and return its results.|

h2(#create). Create

Create a flexible query and return its results. Results include versatile averages and summary statistics.

h3. Input

- @type@  :=
%(optional)Optional%. Specifies the resource the query will be against. This can either be "event" or "session" depending on what you're looking for.
*Type*: String
*Default*: "session"
*Possible Values*:
%(example)"session"%
%(example)"event"%
=:

- @from@  := 
%(optional)Optional%. Specifies the starting date and time for reporting. Should be in the format _YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS_ and will be interpreted as the App's timezone setting.
*Type*: String
*Default*: 7 days ago
*Examples*:
%(example)"2011-12-01 05:00:00"%
=:

- @to@  := 
%(optional)Optional%. Specifies the end date and time for reporting. Should be in the format _YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS_ and will be interpreted as the App's timezone setting.
*Type*: String
*Default*: Now
*Examples*:
%(example)"2011-12-03 10:00:00"%
=:

- @dimension@  := 
%(optional)Optional%. Can be either a string or an array of strings specifying how to dimension the results. See below for possible values.
*Type*: String | Array(String)
*Default*: 'date'
*Possible Values*:
%(example)"date" - Dimensions on the date alone%
%(example)"datetime" - Dimensions on the date and the hour%
%(example)"event_data" - Dimensions on the event data specified%
%(example)"session_data" - Dimensions on the session data specified%
=:

- @feature_id@  := 
%(optional)Optional%. Limit the results (segment) to apply to only a specific feature id.
*Type*: Integer
*Examples*:
%(example)839274%
=:

- @event_data@  := 
%(optional)Optional%. Limit the results to apply to only behaviours that have the specified event data.
*Type*: Hash
*Examples*:
{
  'key': _[key]_,
  'value': _[value]_
}
=:

- @experience@  := 
%(optional)Optional%. Limit the results to apply to only sessions that have an experience path like the one specified. Specify an experience by a pipe-delimited string of feature id values. Ensure that the string has a leading and trailing pipe.
*Type*: String
*Examples*:
%(example)"|23532|5436|2645|23445|"%
=:

h3. Output

Note that the structure of the response object will change based on the @dimension@ input parameter. For instance, if you chose to pass 'datetime' as the value of @dimension@, then the response will group its results based on the date and hour:

bc. {
  "2011-12-01 00:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 01:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 02:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 03:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 04:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 05:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 06:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 07:00:00" : {  },
  "2011-12-01 08:00:00" : { "average_breadth" : "9",
      "average_depth" : "1",
      "average_duration" : "398",
      "average_event_count" : "11",
      "dimension_hour" : "8",
      "dimension_min" : "6",
      "item_created_at_date" : "2011-12-01",
      "item_created_at_dimension_group" : "2011-12-01 08:00:00",
      "item_created_at_time" : "2000-01-01T08:06:41Z",
      "record_count" : "1"
    },
  "2011-12-01 09:00:00" : { "average_breadth" : "5",
      "average_depth" : "1",
      "average_duration" : "89",
      "average_event_count" : "5",
      "dimension_hour" : "9",
      "dimension_min" : "56",
      "item_created_at_date" : "2011-12-01",
      "item_created_at_dimension_group" : "2011-12-01 09:00:00",
      "item_created_at_time" : "2000-01-01T09:56:59Z",
      "record_count" : "1"
    },
  "2011-12-01 10:00:00" : {  }
}

- @record_count@  := 
The number of records associated with the segmentation.
*Type*: String
*Default*: 0
*Examples*:
%(example)10%
=: